Beneath VT : Exploring Virginia Tech’s Steam Tunnels and Beyond 

    

















    
    Beneath VT – Exploring Virginia Tech's steam tunnels and beyond



	
		Beneath VT
		Exploring Virginia Tech's steam tunnels and beyond
	
	
	
		Home
		Dangers
		Buildings
		Tunnels
		Map
		Trip Logs
		Links
		Contact
	

	
		



		

		
Like many other colleges, Virginia Tech has an extensive
network of steam tunnels that run beneath much of the campus. These tunnels
carry steam, electricity, and telecommunications lines throughout the campus
and support Tech's population of over 30,000 students and 1000 faculty. Although
these people pass by the grates and manholes that lead to the tunnels every
day, few realize what lies beneath.

The steam pipes in the tunnels originate at the power plant in the corner
of campus and connect to most of the buildings on campus. Water at the plant is
heated into steam by either coal or natural gas and then used to turn a turbine
to generate electricity. The steam then travels to each building, where it is
used for heating, cooking, sterilizing, autoclaving, and more.

While it's possible to directly bury steam lines, this can create problems
when repairs to the steam lines need to be made and also mean that the lines
cannot be upgraded as easily. While there are some direct-buried steam lines
at Virginia Tech, most of the steam lines run through tunnels, which allow
for easy repairs and upgrades. The tunnels also make it easy to run things
like electric lines and telecommunications cables throughout the campus
without digging up anything.

I'm sure it's not even necessary to mention that people have been exploring
Virginia Tech's steam tunnels since they were built. This doesn't mean that
you should, though. While most of the entrances are kept unlocked, many of
them are in plain view. All of the tunnels have posted "No Trespassing" signs,
which makes it a Class 1 misdemeanor in Virginia to enter them. It's also
against university policy, although the tunnels are not specifically
mentioned.

The steam tunnels are also dangerous. Since the steam pipes carry steam,
they get very hot, so you can be burned quite easily. They could even burst,
which would most likely kill you. If that's not enough, some sections of
tunnel, particularly older sections, have asbestos insulation, which can
cause all sorts of lung problems. In short, do not attempt to enter
the steam tunnels.

	
	
	
		
			Disclaimer: This site is for educational and entertainment purposes
			only. Do not enter the steam tunnels. I cannot be held responsible
			for what may happen to you if you do.
		
		
		
			Copyright © 2016 Beneath VT.
			Some rights reserved.
		
	





 
